tidb-binlog: update docs about checkpoint & initial-commit-ts (#1720)
pingcap/docs: v3.0/reference/tidb-binlog/deploy.md

1. Obtain `initial_commit_ts`.

>     In TiDB 3.0.6 or later versions, if the synchronization is started from the latest time point, you just need to set `initial_commit_ts` to `-1`. Otherwise, refer to the following methods to obtain a latest timestamp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In TiDB 3.0.6 or later versions, if the replication is started from the latest time point, you just need to set `initial_commit_ts` to `-1`. Otherwise, refer to the following methods to obtain the latest timestamp.
```

            the db filter list ("INFORMATION_SCHEMA,PERFORMANCE_SCHEMA,mysql,test" by default)
            It does not support the Rename DDL operation on tables of `ignore schemas`.
        -initial-commit-ts
            If Drainer does not have the related breakpoint information, you can configure the related breakpoint information using this parameter. (In TiDB 3.0.6 or later versions, the value of this parameter is `-1` by default; Before TiDB 3.0.6, the value is `0` by default.)

>             If the value of this parameter is `-1`, Drainer automatically obtains a latest timestamp from PD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            If the value of this parameter is `-1`, Drainer automatically obtains the latest timestamp from PD.
```
